20 Premium Wedding Lightroom Presets is a BeArt powerful Collection of professional Lightroom Presets which is perfect for creative photographers and graphic designers. This is a comprehensive suite of Lightroom Presets, designed to drastically improve workflows for processing and editing wedding photos. 

Features:

¥ 20 Premium Wedding Lightroom Presets are compatible with Lightroom 4 Ð 6 and all Creative Cloud (CC Ð CC2015) versions. It is also compatible with both a Mac and PC.

¥ All presets are fully customizable.

¥ Smart adjustments & professional results.

¥ Supported file formats: DNG, TIFF, and JPEG formats (in other words, the formats primarily used in digital cameras). Lightroom 5 also supports the PSD file format for enhanced integration with Photoshop.


Premium Wedding LR Presets includes (20 presets):

Wedding1
Wedding2
Wedding3
Wedding4
Wedding5
Wedding6
Wedding7
Wedding8
Wedding9
Wedding10
Wedding11
Wedding12
Wedding13
Wedding14
Wedding15
Wedding16
Wedding17
Wedding18
Wedding19
Wedding20



Why BeArt Lightroom Presets:

¥ The Importance of Great Editing: Our Lightroom presets are guaranteed to give you gorgeous edits!

¥ Our Products are Natural & Professional. We pride ourselves on creating tools that complement the photograph.

¥ Designed to Create Mood: Our Lightroom presets are specifically designed to create a certain tone and style within your images. With the click of a button, you can have a stylized image that evokes an emotional response from viewers.

¥ Achieve Consistency: These Lightroom presets will allow you to achieve consistency with your work, which is crucial for developing a style! Instead of having a set of images that are all edited differently, these tools will allow you to streamline your editing and create images that cohesively look great together!

¥ Tested and Trialed: Out Lightroom presets have been tested on a variety of images, all with unique lighting situations, colors, etc. They are versatile and are suited for any image.

¥ Save Time & Have Fun with BeArt Lightroom Presets!

If you like our Wedding Lightroom Presets Collection and have a minute to rate it, we will highly appreciate it. Thank you & enjoy!